## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. It is shftr's policy to respect your privacy
and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal
information we may collect about you, including across our website,
https://shftr.fyi.

This policy is effective as of 9 September 2021 and was last updated on 9
September 2021.

### Information We Collect

When you login to this application, we collect the following information from
your Google account:

- Name
- Email This information is gathered to create a user account for authentication
  purposes only.

### Security of Your Personal Information

When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this
information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent
loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or
modification. Although we will do our best to protect the personal information
you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or
storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security. We will
comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.

### How Long We Keep Your Personal Information

We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time
period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with
this privacy policy. If your personal information is no longer required, we will
delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our
compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving
purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or
statistical purposes.

### Childrenâ€™s Privacy

We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age
of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children
under 13.

### Changes to This Policy

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our
business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory
changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes
here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.

If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to
opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal
information.

### Contact Us

For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using
the following details: oz@shftr.fyi
